---
headline: Mesa Verde / Cortez - Condo for Rent
title: Links
inMenu: true
orderInfo: 20
subhead: A comfortable home for Mesa Verde visitors!
---

h2. Links

At 6,200 ft. elevation with panoramic views of the San Juan Mountains and Mesa Verde make this your home base for exploring the Four Corners Area where the states of Colorado, New Mexico, Utah and Arizona meet.

h3. Day Trips

* "Mesa Verde National Park":http://www.mesaverde.com - The entrance to the park is 9 miles away
* "Moab, Utah":http://www.moab-utah.com - The ultimate mountain biker destination
* "Canyonlands National Park":http://www.nps.gov/cany/ - Western scenic hiking extraordinaire
* "Monument Valley":http://www.monumentvalley.com - Petroglyphs by Anasazi
* "Arches National Park":http://www.arches.national-park.com - On edge of Moab, Utah
* "Durango-Silverton Railroad":http://www.durangosilvertonrailroad.com - Narrow-gauge railroad and spectacular mountains
* "Ute Mountain Tribal Park":http://www.utemountaintribalpark.info - A guided tour led by members of the Ute Indian tribe
* "Anasazi Heritage Center Museum":http://www.co.blm.gov/ahc - Ancestral Anasazi culture - 10 minutes away
* "Ouray, Co. Hot Springs":http://www.ouraycolorado.com - The Switzerland of America
* "Trimble Hot Springs":http://www.trimblehotsprings.com - Spa and natural hot springs in Durango
* "Four Corners Monument":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_Corners_Monument - None other in the USA

h3. Skiing

* "Telluride":http://www.tellurideskiresort.com - World class resort - 70 miles away
* "Wolf Creek":http://www.wolfcreekski.com - A small resort with some of the deepest snow in North America
* "Durango Mountain":http://www.durangomountainresort.com - Skiing heaven, with a western twist

h3. Local Activities

* "Conquistador Golf Course":http://www.fourcornersgolf.com - Beautiful course just 5 minutes away
* "Outdoor Pool":http://co-cortez.civicplus.com/facilities/facility/details/Cortez-Municipal-Outdoor-Pool-41 - The place to be on a hot summer day
* "Rec Center":http://co-cortez.civicplus.com/facilities/facility/details/Cortez-Recreation-Center-30 - A big-city rec center in a small town
* "Movie Theater":http://calendar.daily-times.com/cortez-co/venues/show/44107-allen-fiesta-theatre - A fun local theater
* "Coffee Shops":https://maps.google.com/maps?q=coffee+in+cortez+colorado - Yes we have latte

h3. Other

* "Horse Back Riding":http://www.rimrockoutfitters.com - Ride the Western slope of the La Plata Mountains
* "Hunting":http://www.mesaverdecountry.com/tourism/recreation/hunting/hunting.html - West's most productive trophy area
* "Cortez Livestock Auction":http://maps.google.com/maps?q=livestock+auction+in+cortez+colorado - It's fun!
* "Sporting Goods":http://maps.google.com/maps?q=sporting+goods+in+cortez+colorado - Top-notch gear for climbers, bikers, kayakers and hunters

h3. Travel Logistics

* "Cortez Airport":http://www.cityofcortez.com/index.aspx?NID=113 - Our airport is five minutes away
* "Durango Airport":http://flydurango.com - More flight connections, but more farther away...
* "Farmington Airport":http://www.fmtn.org/index.aspx?NID=172 - Another good regional airport

